Privacy Policy for Easy Gas

Effective date: 4.04.2024

Welcome to Easy Gas! Your privacy is critically important to us, and we are committed to protecting the personal information you share with us.

Information Collection and Use

While using Easy Gas, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Specifically, Easy Gas collects the following data:

Region: We collect information about your geographical region to provide region-specific services and offers.
Car Details: We collect information related to your car to offer personalized services tailored to your vehicle's needs.
Phone Number: Your phone number is collected as part of our registration process and might be used for identification purposes and essential communication related to the Easy Gas app.
The information we collect is primarily used for providing and improving our service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

Log Data

In the event of an error in the app, we collect data on your phone called Log Data. This data may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol (IP) address, device name, operating system version, app configuration when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the service, and other statistics.

Service Providers

We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our service;
To provide the service on our behalf;
To perform service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our service is used.
We want to inform our Easy Gas app users that these third parties have access to your personal information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

We value your trust in providing us your personal information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

Our app may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at staguz99@gmail.com.
